

What should I know about the dining halls?

Advice
As someone who just got admitted for CAS, I’ve seen a mixed attitude toward the dining halls on campus. Please let me know if you guys can advise where or where not to eat.
Archived post. New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast.

Kimmel is the best in my opinion.

i had the 200 meal plan both sems freshman year and no meal plan first sem soph year, and i’m definitely getting back on the meal plan next sem. i think if you can afford it you should try to live at a dorm with a kitchen just so you can be on a smaller meal plan.

i honestly think the breakfast is really underrated. i’m a big fan of the downstein omelet bar. i’d literally wake up early last year just so i could get breakfast at downstein. i also like the palladium knockoff chipotle.

it’s not good food by any means and i think subsisting solely off the meal plan would drive anyone to torture. but it’s not horrendous

First year here: the dining halls are all passable. You’re not going to get gourmet food and you’ll probably get sick of the dining hall food, but it’s enjoyable enough.

Crave, in my opinion, has the best food on campus, highly recommend.

Kimmel is probably next up, all their food is pretty good and the variety is there

The only one I’d say to straight up avoid is Downstein. Again, it’s not bad, but you can just go to Lipton on the other side of the park for a way better meal.

3rd north is slept on, it’s pretty good and I don’t go there as much as I could for their food selection and quality.

And don’t forget about palladium brunch every Sunday. That stuff is goooddd

UHall Burger, Crave at Paulson, Palladium are the best ones. The rest are decent enough. You’ll get sick of it if it’s the only thing you eat but the food is usually pretty good.

The dining halls have great standard american food.

As an Oriental, though, my diet was not represented and I literally could not stomach it after a week, even if I was hungry :( Any food I ate came out within minutes 🤮

If your diet's not represented, cook! At least buy a microwave, there are tons of non-instant meals you can cook with a microwave only. And it is much cheaper than eating out or getting a meal plan (though I believe you are forced to get 1 as a freshman).

I had 150+ meal swipes left at the end of fresh year

This is important to me because I need my Chinese food, and not the Americanized stuff

Do they have shared kitchens in the dorms

Chinatown frozen dumplings. 15 bucks for 50 pieces.

Buy a fridge and microwave. Submerge dumplings in water and microwave for 10 - 15 min. Saves my life when I was dorming at a no kitchen dorm (you do need to buy fride/micro though) >_<

Not the best dumplings, but better than dining hall chinese food. By which I mean they sometimes serve dry panda express styled stir fry amd gemeral tsao chicken.

Also, dining halls dont serve East Asian white rice. Buy microwavable rice if you need it👍 The iris brand on amazon is my fav

Sophomore and Korean, can confirm. Most exotic it gets the occasional bit of cajun food at downstein. If you want decent asian food you’re probably gonna have to shell out with your wallet, not dining dollars.

Avoid Upstein (mostly the chicken) unless you’ve got meal swipes to burn. The service isn’t good, the wait’s too long. Not worth the swipes. Sidestein’s good for snacks and instant food. Always great in case you miss a meal or the dining hall closes.

Downstein’s good if you just need to eat, but avoid the grill like the plague. The chicken breasts are always dry and the burgers aren’t any better. Fries are ok, but they don’t salt em. Exception: Sundays. Chocolate Chip Pancake station and omelet bar’s solid.

Kimmel and Jasper Kane have similar food, but Kimmel usually has faster service and better quality. Personally, I lived off Jasper Kane’s Poke Bowls (tandon student), haven’t tried the sushi cos it doesn’t seem worth it. (Not that the poke bowls are cheap by any means). Pizza’s way better at Kimmel, burgers are meh anywhere on campus. If you want a decent burger go to 7th street or something. The people at JK can be dicks tho.

Haven’t gone to Lipton a whole lot, but their dessert’s the best, far and away. Sometimes they even have legit chocolate cake. Both Lipton and 3rd North have scoop-your-own ice cream. Paulson’s got Crave, but the real hit for me is Cafe 151. You get there early, you can get bagels with lox. Solid way to start your day if you’ve got an early class there.

Palladium brunch is cool but it’s always excessively busy. Aside from that the convenience is from the fact that it’s right next to the gym. Get your reps in, fuel up after you’re done.

Final verdict, I’d agree with most of the other commenters. Get the smallest meal plan you’re able, and if your roomie won’t snitch, smuggle an instant pot or something into your dorm. I mean if you’ve got an apartment style dorm you’re set with a kitchenette but otherwise… Good luck.

avoid fish but chicken is goated
