
Is it worth keeping the meal plan after freshman yr?

Rising sophomore at NYU living in Gramercy. Having contemplated my distance away from campus, the large amount of meal swipes i've left unused, and my general distaste for most dining hall food. Is there at all any reason I should keep the NYU meal plan? At the end of the day my main concern is money. Whatever will save me the most of it is what I plan to go with. Any pros to keeping the meal plan or major con to not having one?.

I would get the most minimal meal plan, if I were you. I think I got the meal plan right above 95 while living in Palladium this year and I still have extra swipes!

Minimum meal plan sucks because the average price of a meal comes out to be $12-$13. At this point you might as well cook for yourself.

I really dont think a meal plan is ever valuable for the quality of the food and the price. If you get the 120 meal plan, you get 120 meal swipes and $400 dining dollars for $1895. Subtracting the $400 dining dollars, $1495 for 120 swipes is around $12.45 a swipe. At palladium and upstein, you can easily go through two swipes if you are really hungry, which is basically $24.90. Also the dining dollars are so restrictive. The snacks/things you can buy at Sidestein or other equivalents are already grossly overpriced compared to Trader Joe's or other markets. Unless you love having starbucks everyday the dining dollars are not acutally "worth" $400 imo (and dont force yourself to drink starbucks everyday just for the dining dollars).

Pros of meal plan: easy access to dining halls when you're on campus and don't want to look for food and meal plan also comes with dining dollars.

As a freshman NYU forces you to get that huge meal plan for no reason, and in reality almost everybody has like 50+ extra meal swipes at the end of the semester as a freshman. I'm a rising junior and I had the 120 meal plan, and right now I got 2 left and I'm here until Tuesday, so it works out pretty well.
The meal plan might seem like a lot right off the bat, but I think it's pretty comparable to what you'd spend just buying food straight up from a restaurant etc. But you could factor in cooking meals for yourself. Trader Joe's and some Bodegas got the low for groceries so that could be your move IF you want to cook.

Also the food is actually decent if you don't go to Downstein/Third North everyday. There are other options.

Not worth. If you're financially dependent on your parents I'd ask them a monthly food budget. For financial reference I survive on Trader Joe's food and I probably spend around $150-$200 a month with "emergency take out food" (aka when I'm lazy / exams roll around) budget of $150 a month.

For that amount of money you can buy really great quality food from TJs, even Whole Foods to be honest, and cook for yourself. When you don't wanna cook for yourself, for $12/meal you can buy a whole meal almost anywhere in NYC, and in between classes at like Chipotle, Just Salad etc. which are on campus. You can buy a salad or a hot meal from Whole Foods/West Side Market for about $10.

Nah. Besides having your own kitchen, you can always use Seamless, Grubhub, etc. if you don't feel like cooking.

I live off campus at an aprtment that is a similar distance from campus, maybe a tad farther. i got the 8 meal a week plan and i thought it was very very worth it. I wouldn't have the motivation to pack lunch every day and i would just end up spending more money on going out to eat

in addition to what others have said, be realistic and keep in mind how much you'll actually cook for yourself; a lot of people will have good intentions of frequently cooking good meals for themselves but by midterms barely do anymore and just eat ramen/etc frequently or order food all the time

To jump in on this thread, are you allowed to not get a meal plan at all? Especially if you are living in an apartment style residential hall with kitchens
