
Dining hall rant

Student Life
Freshman here.

Why is the dining hall food so fucking bad? The first night I was here, I went to Weinstein and the food fucking slapped. After that, it all went downhill.

The food is either undercooked, processed, unhealthy, or just really fucking terrible. I don’t understand how NYU advertises their dining hall food to be so good when it’s $14.75 a swipe for either food poisoning/explosive diarrhea, or a salad for dinner.

The food here is so fucking horrible it’s making me depressed. I’m dead ass about to start taking my antidepressants again if I keep eating like this.

Does anyone have any alternatives?
Archived post. New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast.

weinstein is a bad dining hall. one of the worst in my opinion. the one time I ate there it almost made me vomit it was so disgusting.

when I had a meal plan I only ate at third north or kimmel. no complaints about those.

Kimmel or UHall café for the win. 18 below too

18 below slaps

amount of food they gave u in 18 below is fairly disappointing

It’s not always the best but also I recommend meal exchange. I hate the all you can eats personally. I’ll eat them if needed but I just go with meal exchange now usually from palladium, but sometimes upstein. If you are in an apartment style, I recommend reducing your meal plan to 120 meals from 225.

Honestly I don’t really think you’ve picked good options. You can get a burger or chicken sandwich at Lipton or downstein, both always hit. Lipton’s cookies are amazing. The fries are good too. Pizza isn’t bad, and the fruit and salad is always a safe option. Jasper Kane in brooklyn has good food.

Jasper Kane has good food? When did you last eat there? I recall them tasting like chewing gum that was left on the floor of Bobst for 20 years

Ate there tonight. Had some good potatoes, zucchini, fries, and a burger. No complaints.

since my sophomore year when they stopped using the company that also served food to prisons, theyve gone uphill

Eating at the dining hall makes me lose my appetite

Cluckstein, Palladium burrito, Third Ave North are all good choices.

I can’t stand how it makes me lose my appetite as I’m eating it

go to uhall cafe

kimmel

palladium

weinstein is known as one of the worst

FRRRRRR... cluckstein is the only tolerable one

i feel like downstein pastas pretty good, idk if it went downhill but my experience last semester with downstein was good

Kimmel, upstein, and palladium are quite good. Lipton is okay, and downstein is kinda bad.

We used to call it Frownstein for a reason

Lipton is usually pretty good. Do yourself a favor and check the menus before picking a dining hall, as you go more, you’ll learn what things certain dining halls are bad at (i.e. downstein chicken is ALWAYS dry)

Third north is shit

lmao any food is good compared to the garbage you eat while out in the backcountry for two weeks. I just learned to enjoy any food you get and even if it isn't good, just eat it anyways.

bought the 95 or 120 meal plan when i was freshman and spent like 60-80 on chick fli a and the rest on paladin brunch on Sunday. both r wonderful, except that they removed chick fli a now and gl lmao


It’s all false marketing. Food taste better when you’re really hungry as well. 💜
