

Dining Halls

Is it just me, or does Palladium seem like the only consistently clean and good-tasting dining hall?

Everywhere else just seems gross, both the dining areas and the food. I'll get food to-go at Upstein on occasion, but that's not really a "dining hall" so much as "Chick-Fil-A and potato chips."
Kimmel.

Ah, that one slipped my mind. I've only eaten there a few times and I've liked it, but it's always so crowded, even during "off" hours.

kimmel doesnt really count as a "legit" dining hall because you can get three things and thats it.

I don't understand... as far as I'm concerned it's the exact same set-up as palladium.

I actually loved palladium in the beginning, but the selection has gotten a lot worse recently...

It does tend to be the same stuff over and over. But the waffle fries are delicious, and I'd still much rather take repetition over dirtiness.

The only way to live on the 14 meal per week plan is to spend all your excess meal swipes on sushi.

I always finish on my 14 meal per week by thursday haha i eat literally every meal at the dining hhall though.

Me too; but I'm pretty sure part of it was just novelty.

The margherita pizza is consistently available and delicious, and from my meat eating friends, I hear the deli is also stable and yummy in its offerings.

The station right next to the pizza, when it offers pasta, is the best in the hall, and every so often, Plum is hosted at the station one over from that.

Pumpkin filling ravioli in pistachio sauce with mint garnish? Yes, please.

Keep abreast of the menu schedule from lifeworks.

You're in Greenwich Village. Why the fuck would you go to an overpriced NYU dining hall to patronize a chain that serves breaded chicken sandwiches and hates gay people?

You have tons of cheaper and better options in the area.

My residence hall requires that I have a meal plan, so if I'm paying for it, I'm going to use it. Trust me, if I had the spare cash, I would be eating elsewhere. Since I don't, I'm trying to make the best with what I've been given.

I already posted this above, but if you're a 2nd year next year get off the plan and get your parents to give you the $1500 or so dollars. Then learn to cook and order Chinese take-out. Life is good.

Ditch the meal plan and eat falafel every day.

Palladium is nice at first, but you'll get tired of it fast. You must be a freshman now.

Kimmel and Hayden were the only good ones I recall. I'd suggest getting off the mealplan ASAP and getting your parents to give you a stipend of the same amount. It'll go a lot farther, and you aren't confined to shitty dining halls.

Also, the meal swipes cost like $9-13 each, depending on the plan :P

U-Hall's burger station is really good.

Downstein's tables and chairs are consistently dirty, I haven't been to Rubin since freshman year, but it sucked then and I see no reason it wouldn't have gotten worse, Hayden for all its pretending to have vegan/vegetarian options to a greater extent than the other dining halls also sucks. Kimmel is by far the best 'on campus' option.

I only ever used the Rubin dining hall to steal large amounts of cereal.

Buy box of cereal.
Consume.
Enter dining hall with empty box in backpack.
Fill.
Leave.
See Step 2.

To be fair on Rubin, the breakfast omelet is delicious.

I enjoyed the roast beef once. If I knew when they had it I would go again.

I'm a big fan of Palladium and Hayden. The food doesn't seem as processed in those two halls as compared to halls like Rubin and Weinstein.

downstein, third north are usually fine too

I like downstein & Third north just fine.

at least you have palladium! before they redid it this year it was awful. i'm so glad i no longer have to eat 14 meals a week at third north (though their sandwich/wrap station is decent for the first 50 or so rounds...)

Third North has the best selection of food, especially for vegetarian and vegan food. The staff are the friendliest of any dining hall, it's clean and generally has enough seating, and it's all-you-can-eat.

I only go to Kimmel when I'm at work, and you gotta love the salad bar. If you become friends with the cashiers, they won't charge you if the salad weighs more than the allocated amount.

Rubin is pretty decent, too. It's definitely the prettiest dining hall, and they have a really wide selection of decent food (plus better drinks and cereal than other dining halls, imo).

Downstein has a great wrap station, and I think the soup selection at any dining hall is pretty good too!

If anything, either start eating off campus, use campus-cash friendly eateries, or stay in upstein/the jewish place behind it.