Dining hall vs. Off-Campus Food

Student & Alumni Life
I was recently admitted to NYU, and had a few questions about food. I've heard that the dining hall food is pretty trash. Do students regularly eat out? Because outside the dining halls, NYC is known for some of the best and cheapest food in the world, so I'm confused why people wouldn't just eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner outside instead of the shitty dining halls. please lmk and thx for the help lol
 
While there's a good variety of dining hall food, I can tell you that it gets incredibly boring, incredibly fast, and the quality is mid and subpar very often. Not to mention the fact that each meal swipe is around 15 dollars, so in reality it's better to just get a lower dining plan and eat out and get actual quality food. The dining hall food is not "delicious" or all that some people may make it out to be.

the dining halls are used as often as they are mostly because of convenience. also if you are in the dorms, you're required to have some sort of meal plan. personally i find it very convenient to have a dining hall in the same building as my dorm so i can get food even if my fridge is empty/the weather is bad/etc

Dining hall food is not that good (but the better stations are definitely not trash lol). However, the restaurants near the school are not that cheap too, I don't think NYC is know for having cheap food...

certain nbhds are but yeah a lot of the stuff on campus…. nuh uh. maybe chinatown but i keep hearing chinatown this chinatown that online so idk if prices r still low. otherwise, literally anywhere else in nyc food is more affordable i think… manhattan tho? nope

Chinatown has some very cheap food if you know where to go, and Canal Street is only 1-2 stops away from NYU if you take the NRW or the 6. However it would add up if you ate out every single day for every single meal lmao. If you're set on living in the dorms and your dorm doesn't have a kitchen you might benefit from a meal plan. If your dorm has a kitchen I'd recommend just getting groceries and cooking; you'll save money overall.

dining hall food is convenient, and it’s helpful for freshmen who live in dorms without an in-unit kitchens. but i only had a meal plan my freshman year and i don’t miss it at all. cooking (and even eating out, depending on where you go) is far cheaper than a meal plan, especially since a meal swipe is worth like $15 or so.

i’m broke as shite so i don’t eat out regularly. i’m also not picky so i js eat bagels/tea at cafe 181 and soup/sushi at kimmel 🤷‍♀️but then again i’m born and raised in nyc so i’ve already experienced a good amt of the food here, well, in queens, where it’s much cheaper than fuckass manhattan… and whatever i haven’t had i’ve either scouted out at events if they have catering or people have paid for me. personally i’m just happy not to be heating up frozen meals 24/7 so thas just me

also i did go w/o a meal plan last sem and swipe it forward was hellish bc theres nothing at the beginning and groceries were rough and unfamiliar to me + cooking actually good food takes time… idk my mom is more willing to add a meal plan than spend monthyl on grocerws where sometimes i spend more or less than usual on her card depending if im going for ingredients or tj frozen foods😭😭

this might just be because i have a dietary restriction but i could barely have anything to eat at the dining halls—and what i could eat was often…not great. and i have a pretty common dietary restriction. my life got a million times better when i got a dorm with a kitchen in soph yr and started cooking!

Profile Badge for the Achievement Top 1% Commenter Top 1% Commenter
It's just convenient and efficient. That's all. It's not so good for the price. There are just too many great options off campus that cost just the same.

I personally eat out more than the average student, but only because my major keeps me busy until after the dining hall closes really frequently, but I think aside from that most people stay in. The food can be okay depending on what dining hall you go to ( Lipton, Kimmel & upstein are the ones I frequent), but I think the main reason most people eat dining hall food at least in first year is because all freshman are required to have a meal plan of at least like 175 meal swipes. Which if you don't use, you are basically throwing away like 3k. Plus most places esp in soho/manhattan in general are really expensive and only half are worth the price.

