Weinstein Passport Dining Hall

Jul 1, 2013
"Meh. I've experienced better." is exactly how I felt. Nicholas S. was a sweetie and took me here for dinner (already after giving me the lowdown of how this place will make all other places look phenomenal). I didn't believe him and came anyway.

It's actually not a bad meal. I got the only decent things in the place -- the special home section (beef and rice), two slices of pizza, mashed potatoes, and some chocolate cake for dessert. I also drank some chocolate milk.

But for a buffet style dining hall, this place is the worst. There are so many booths and those are the only decent things I could find? And even those decent things maybe would've totaled to three stars with me being lenient? Hm. We might have a problem here. Also, not everything was available (eg. chocolate Silk soymilk, oh how badly I wanted to drink you)

This is appalling. NYU is a huge school. You'd think they can afford some decent food yeah? Especially compared to Columbia where I ate at a couple weeks ago (Their food is SO GOOD and they have a Jamba Juice inside their dining hall, like WHAT?). This place really blows.

Jun 18, 2013
First to Review
Every day this place makes me dread my favorite meal of the day. It's unfathomable how little NYU must pay Aramark to make such horrible food and service.

It's just nasty. The noodles are always overcooked. The bread is consistently hard. The hamburgers are always dry as heck. The salad bar is beyond basic and unfresh. It's truly astounding.

And the employees are just so unhappy. Why must that guy ALWAYS come over complaining to me how he wants to get out on time and take my plate before I'm even done? Seriously? You can't wait to clean the table until after I get up? There's till 1.5 hrs left before you close. Chill.

I just hate it. It's absolutely ridiculous. It almost makes the money you save living in an NYU dorm for the summer not worth it. It really makes me appreciate Carolina Dining Services.
Weinstein Passport Dining Hall - Thank you, Aramark, for this delicious meal.

Jul 7, 2019
1 photo
Hands down best high-end dining in all of Greenwich. White gloved table service made the whole experience feel very luxurious. I had the duck confit and foie gras. Just splendid.
Weinstein Passport Dining Hall - Duck confit & foie gras - New York, NY
Duck confit & foie gras

Aug 6, 2019
This is so good as a canteen for a university. Dish changes everyday. Breakfast is especially good for having super fresh fruits. And the bowl life sector was usually super delicious. Would recommend!


Jul 28, 2017
Pretty much what is to be expected from a university dining hall; food wasn't anything to write home about, but fine & tolerable.


Jul 1, 2018
Workers here are some of the rudest people I have ever had to encounter. They all make faces at you when you order even and act like you are ruining their day by asking for some green beans. I have been to many dining halls and its pretty standard for a server to treat you with respect. The food isnt even that bad-- for a dining hall its above average. But I cant help feel like the workers wish all the people who use the dining hall would just never come back.


Mar 8, 2015
If you time it right (between NYU classes during the semester when it's open), you can score a classic Chick-fil-a (Express) sandwich from some lunch ladies. Really no other reason to step foot inside as a civilian.


Oct 11, 2017
THE SERVICE HERE IS A NIGHTMARE. Literally you walk in and the ladies at the counter are unfriendly, unprofessional, and most of all rude. There is no such thing as customer service and it genuinely ruins my experience. The food is mediocre, but it's a university dining hall so that's not too surprising. Won't be going back here, mainly due to the horrendous service.


Aug 6, 2016
Decent food. Especially great when I've given up. A meal for (defeated) champions. Nice soft serve. Machine is really loud, though. I feel like everybody is judging me when I use it. Especially if I didn't eat enough veggies or fruits. IM SORRY JUDY BUT I WASNT FEELING THAT TODAY AND AS PREVIOUSLY MENTIONED THIS IS MY GIVING UP MEAL LET ME HAVE SOME GODDAMN ICE CREAM OKAY JESUS

Also a great place to drown your sorrows when you're having relationship problems. As much food as I want. Score, man.
