Third North Residence Hall

East Village, Manhattan, NY

Feb 6, 2025
C3 goated get the dining hall fries
Staff goated security guards goated most social people

Pool goated
Taco Bell also goated

All in all fire

Dec 18, 2021
This is mostly going to prospective nyu students.
I'm a first year and I lived at Third North

Look, it's nowhere near as bad as people make it out to be. It's not luxury living, and it's not a shithole, it's just ok. There are plenty of things that are amazing about third north. There are plenty of study spaces which are usually empty, even during finals week. The lounge on C3 is one of the best a biggest out of all nyu residence halls, topped only by lounges at D'Agostino hall (part of the law school) and Lipton, which only has the massive public spaces, and no private style spaces. Third north may perhaps have the most public space out of any residence hall.

A little bit more specifics about the public spaces skip if you don't care.
There are lounges with couches and comfy chairs on floors 3/5 South/North tower,
There are large study rooms on 2/4/6 S/N tower and one on East 2 and small ones on 3/5 S/N
There is a cutoff room on C3 with a public and 3 private(6) study rooms
The student technology center also has 3-4 enclosed study rooms.
East tower 3/4/5/6 and 10 S/N are like hybrid rooms with a couch and chairs but also a table to study at.

Technology center:
Open 10-8
There's a lot of cool stuff here that rarely gets used, like a public and free to use PS4, switch, and a full VR setup, all free. There're 2 printers here, and a bunch of computers you can use if you cant buy your own.
This space is super underutilized and really nice. It's right under the dining hall.

Dining:
The 3N dining hall is ok. It's convenient to have it right downstairs from the dorm rooms tho. Really great for the money though, but if you have a meal plan you likely won't spend it all, so the value factor is moot.
There is also a tiny convenience store you can use dining dollars to buy snacks, drinks, some simple meals and ingredients, and basic house supplies like paper towels, detergent, etc.
I highly recommend you go there before you buy some living supplies, you could save a good amount of money.
There is a crazy amount of dining and groceries right around the dorm, there will be so much food you won't know what to eat sometimes.

Amenities:
Laundry:
I've had very poor experiences with the laundry at 3N, but I don't think it's any better than laundry at other dorms (I haven't asked enough people at other dorms abt this) you need to pay too, I spent 20-30$ in one semester, not too much.

Rooms:
The rooms are ok, though I've been told that the fact that all dorms have a living room and kitchen is abnormal. Nothing in the dorms is inherently dirty, and as long as you sweep/ vacuum every so often and clean the bathroom the dorms feel really nice. WARNING: if you do not take care of the dorms and clean them they become shitty really quickly. I know people who have had problems with cockroaches...

The furniture is hit or miss, like the desks, bed and drawers are nice but the chairs, dining table and couch are really uncomfortable. Still, at least we have them.
All rooms have at least one window, many with two, and all windows have an AC/heating unit which is manually controlable. The windows recently got replaced and now you can crack them open a bit. Useful if it gets too hot.


Misc things:
The courtyard is pretty and has a few bike racks
C3 also has 2 music rooms, a piano room, dance room, vending machines, two Rokus, pool and ping pong, a mini theatre often used for events.
Also East tower 7-14 is weird in that all 7 or so of the suites link together and share one big kitchen and one really really big living room. I have a vid but can't add it on yelp :/
One of my pet peeves is that cables fall out of the outlets really easily unless you have the third prong, and also there aren't many outlets per room, my bedroom has 3 for two roommates to share, all of which are in inconvenient spaces because of the furniture. If you're at third north, you really need to get an extension cord of some kind


TLDR: third north is a good residence hall, it's not too old but not very new, well furnished (and cozy if you get a little extra decoration and furniture) And has a crazy amount of super convenient amenities and services.
If you are going to live in 3N don't worry, the dorm will feel like home in no time.
Third North Residence Hall - Working on essays in one of the C3 private study rooms - New York, NY
Third North Residence Hall - View of the north and south towers from the courtyard - New York, NY
Third North Residence Hall - dorms only come w/ couch + table + chairs, but a trip to ikea can make the dorm feel a lot like a home for pretty cheap - New York, NY
Third North Residence Hall - Mahjong with friends in south 5th lounge - New York, NY

Mar 16, 2021
First to Review
feels like jail, let me out plz
